ticdc: add open api v2 doc (#12921) (#13295)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-open-api-v2.md

---
title: TiCDC OpenAPI v2
summary: Learn how to use the OpenAPI v2 interface to manage the cluster status and data replication.
---

# TiCDC OpenAPI v2

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD024 -->

TiCDC provides the OpenAPI feature for querying and operating the TiCDC cluster. The OpenAPI feature is a subset of the [`cdc cli` tool](/ticdc/ticdc-manage-changefeed.md).

> > **Note:**
> >
> > TiCDC OpenAPI v1 will be removed in the future. It is recommended to use TiCDC OpenAPI v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> - TiCDC supports OpenAPI v2 starting from v6.5.2. If your TiCDC version is v6.5.0 or v6.5.1, use [TiCDC OpenAPI v1](/ticdc/ticdc-open-api.md) instead.
> - TiCDC OpenAPI v1 will be removed in future releases. It is recommended to use TiCDC OpenAPI v2.
```

---
title: TiCDC OpenAPI v2
summary: Learn how to use the OpenAPI v2 interface to manage the cluster status and data replication.
---

# TiCDC OpenAPI v2

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD024 -->

TiCDC provides the OpenAPI feature for querying and operating the TiCDC cluster. The OpenAPI feature is a subset of the [`cdc cli` tool](/ticdc/ticdc-manage-changefeed.md).

> **Note:**
>

> > - TiCDC supports OpenAPI v2 starting from v6.5.2. If your TiCDC version is v6.5.0 or v6.5.1, use [TiCDC OpenAPI v1](/ticdc/ticdc-open-api.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - TiCDC supports OpenAPI v2 starting from v6.5.2 for v6.5.x release series. If your TiCDC version is v6.5.0 or v6.5.1, use [TiCDC OpenAPI v1](/ticdc/ticdc-open-api.md) instead.
```
